docs(content-releases): add frontend docs (#19391)
strapi/strapi: docs/docs/docs/01-core/content-releases/02-frontend/00-intro.md

---
title: Introduction
tags:
  - content-releases
  - tech design
---

## Summary

> Two primary views, List and Details, empower users to effectively oversee content releases. Access to these views is exclusive to the enterprise mode, requiring users to hold the specific permission `plugin::content-releases.read`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two pages, ReleasesPage and ReleaseDetailsPage. To access these pages a user will need a valid Strapi license with the feature enabled and at lease `plugin::content-releases.read` permissions.

```
